hey guys this is flippin no matter this
is the basically in-depth unboxing a
final fantasy 11 for 360 I do note that
i already opened it up already but
everything's basically the same thing
how it is all right I got this off
amazon.com overall I bought it for 14
bucks with shipping and handling and
this was brand new and basically the
outer sleeve is basically just take this
up this is the outer sleeve just pacing
basically giving you a brief overview of
what found deal has to offer the world
that you're going to be exploring some
other stuff as well like I can't really
see it that much by just how many
players to play on it stuff of that all
right here's the game itself what's open
her up here's the disc containing all
three expla final fantasy 11 game and
the 3 expansion packs that comes with it
right here is the booklets containing a
brief overview of each expansion pack
and the full game and also on the back
is where your codes are going to be at
for installing the game that side right
here is the final fantasy 11 controls
and command on the 360 controller though
well it's right here though I will be
typing it on a normal USB keyboard from
my chat functions and here is what is
this just a registration for the final
fantasy lebanon's of 360 don't need that
so yeah this what comes with this is the
unboxing you just get basically get an
outer sleeve an overview of what kind of
deal is and what the game has to offer
get the disc tinning how fancy weapon
and the three expansion packs a booklet
with overview of each expansion pack and
game and the codes are on the back
and basically command sheet for the 360
controller telling you how to play the
game and also keyboard side as well for
those who wish to play it with the
keyboard which I will be doing since
it'll be all hell of a lot easier to
play the game with if because I used to
be playing it on the PlayStation 2 so
yeah that's what the fantasy 11 for the
xbox 360 contains so this is flipping on
x NE apt